Add initial iteration of changelog (#1122)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2023/09/custom-node-support.md

---
title: Custom Node Support
date: 2023-09-28 12:01:01.0

> authors: ["marian-demme"]

Reviewer: Maybe frontmatter should have a `doc_link: /docs/....` too?

Reviewer: Fine with this being done next week, but I think nearly every item should end up with a link to the docs.

tags:
    - changelog
---

> One feature that was frequently requested was support for custom nodes. Although Node-RED instances today connect automatically to the official Node-RED catalogue, which boasts over 4,000 custom nodes, we understand that specific use cases may require access to additional or different NPM registries and catalogues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An often requested feature is support for custom nodes. Although Node-RED instances today connect automatically to the official Node-RED catalogue, which boasts over 4,400 custom nodes, we understand that specific use cases may require access to additional or different NPM registries and catalogues.
```

> Starting today, you can extend your Node-RED environment by adding custom Node Catalogues. We have introduced the capability to modify the .npmrc file, allowing you to install modules that are not hosted in the official registry.

Reviewer: This needs documenting on how to achieve it. The feature is implemented like a developer knowing the Node-RED internals would, but I don't know now how to use this.

Reviewer 2: Yes, absolutely, will do

Reviewer 2: I'll write a blog post about this topic

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/FlowFuse/website/pull/1177
